Title: Legal notice
Date: 2016-01-29
Slug: legal-notice
Summary:
URL:
Lang: en


Use of the datasets on opendata.swiss
-------------------------------------

The terms of use applicable to opendata.swiss are explained
[here](https://opendata.swiss/en/terms-of-use/).

Limitation of liability
-----------------------

Although every care has been taken by the authorities involved in the
handbook.opendata.swiss to review the information published, no warranty
can be given in respect of the correctness, accuracy, up-to-dateness,
reliability or completeness of this information.

The authorities involved in the handbook.opendata.swiss expressly reserve
the right to amend, delete or suspend publication of content, either in
whole or in part, at any time without prior notice.

In no event will the authorities be liable for any loss or damage of a
material or immaterial nature arising from access to, use or non-use of
the published information, or from misuse of the connection or technical
faults.

References and links
--------------------

References and links to third party websites lie outside the scope of
responsibility of the authorities involved in the handbook.opendata.swiss.
Access and use of such websites occurs entirely at the user’s own risk.
The authorities involved in the handbook.opendata.swiss expressly state
that they have no influence whatsoever over the design, content or
offering of any linked site. Responsibility for information and services
of linked sites rests entirely with the relevant third party. No
liability can be accepted in respect of the content of such websites.

Data protection
---------------

Based on Article 13 of the Swiss Federal Constitution and the provisions
of Swiss data protection legislation, everyone has the right to the
protection of privacy, as well as to protection from misuse of their
personal details. The authorities involved in the handbook.opendata.swiss
comply with these provisions. Personal data is treated as strictly
confidential on the handbook.opendata.swiss and is neither passed on nor
sold to third parties.

In close cooperation with our hosting providers, we make every effort to
protect the databases from outside access, data loss, misuse or
falsification.

When you access opendata.swiss, the following data is stored in log
files: IP address, date, time, browser request and general information
on the operating system and browser. Our hosting providers’ web servers
merely register impersonal site usage data (log files) for the purpose
of tracking trends for the authorities involved in the opendata.swiss
portal in order to improve the information offering. For further
information on web analysis, see the next section.

Usage data are not linked to personal data. There is an exception,
namely when you choose to make contact with us. If you register your
e-mail address, this is then stored in a separate database not connected
in any way with the anonymous log files. You may delete your
registration at any time.

Web analysis
------------

opendata.swiss uses the open-source web analysis service Piwik. Piwik
uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer to help the
website to analyse the use made of the site by its users. To this end,
the usage information generated by the cookie (including your
abbreviated IP address) is transferred to our server in Switzerland and
stored for usage analysis purposes. This data is used to optimise the
website. In this process, your IP address is anonymised without delay.

You can prevent cookies being stored by changing your browser settings
accordingly; however, this may mean that not all the functions of the
website can be used.

Source code
-----------

The handbook.opendata.swiss uses [Pelican](http://getpelican.com), a static web site generator.
Pelican and all its components are [open-source software](https://github.com/getpelican/pelican).
Under the Affero GNU GPL v3.0 license, the extensions developed for this platform are
also [freely available](https://github.com/opendata-swiss/ogd-handbook-site).
